How much did you remember?
Is there such a thing?
I want to see it. I haven’t brought it with me for so long,
I'm afraid it's a show off. I'll look for it for you when I get back.
Close until there is no nutrition, and the processing proceeds.
You don't care what people want to eat? Where are they?
I just upgraded the special ratio for you and it is relatively quiet.
No need to bother, I'm not seriously injured,
I also want to go back early in the morning to watch TV.
Recuperate with peace of mind, power group,
I have it all covered. Electricity is,
I'll find one. There is no need for an outsider to do this.
I am not an outsider, what do I mean by being an outsider?
I'm his brother. It is best for you to be him for the rest of your life.
If we were just ordinary friends
The door can be